Astro 1/24 release notes (#1782)
astronomer/docs: astro/api-keys.md

## Create an API key

> 1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, go to **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
```

If you delete an API key, make sure that no existing CI/CD pipelines are using it. Once deleted, an API key and secret cannot be recovered. If you unintentionally delete an API key, create a new one and update any CI/CD workflows that used the deleted API key.

> 1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, go to **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Cloud UI, select a Workspace, click **Deployments**, and then select a Deployment.
```
